## # DB Config Property Plugin

This plugin gives your application the ability to change the config properties without restarting the application. The values in Config.groovy are persisted in database when application is run-for the first time after installing the plugin.

Meanwhile, for one Grails Project, usually more than 50 properties in config.groovy, but most them are generated by Grails framework. Indeed, there is only a small portion of properties as frequently-used ones in your config.groovy that is needed to maintain regularly. What we are concerned about is the frequently-used properties. Therefore, there is a interface to help you to simply tick boxes to move the properties you want to maintain forwards to the frequently-used management page. Then all management operations such as CRUD are in the management page. More importantly, only those properties marked as frequently-used ones in "Manage Frequently-Used Property" page are synchronized with GrailsApplication.config object, which is quite handy for you to focus on managing these useful ones.

It is sometimes true that you could not restart server to add a new property when the server is busy running. After using the plugin, it works even you only create the new property in Database and have not added in Config.groovy yet.

In addition, in the "Property Status" page you could check the previously default values in Config.groovy and the currently active values on running.


### Features
* Dynamic (on-the-run) changes to your Config properties.
* Keeping latest values of Config properties from Database in the "GrailsApplication.config" object at the run-time.
* Supports various data types as values for the config property (Integer, Boolean, String, Float, Long, Double).
* A handy page to simply tick boxes to move properties to be frequently-used ones.
* In the "Property Status" page you could compare the previously default values in Config.groovy and the currently active values on running.
* All views are generated by your own layout main.gsp.
* The plugin contains a single domain class named ConfigProperty and a set of controller's methods and views.

### Setp1 Installation
Installing the dynamic DB config property plugin in BuildConfig.groovy: 

plugins{
	compile ":dynamic-db-config-property:0.0.1"
}
### Setp2 Create CONFIG_PROPERTY table(acceptable)
If you did not config "dbCreate" with "create-drop" or "create" in DataSource.groovy, you might need to create the table manually. There is the SQL (Oracle) below:

create table config_property (id number(19,0) not null, disable number(19,0) not null, version number(19,0) not null, description varchar2(255 char), key varchar2(255 char) not null, value varchar2(255 char) not null, primary key (id));

### Setp3 Set up privilege(acceptable)
If you used Spring Security, to config the privilege using method below:

In Config.groovy, set up privilege of spring security for the plugin:

grails.plugins.springsecurity.interceptUrlMap = [

	/ configProperty/create':['xxxxxxx']
	
	
	/ configProperty/list':['xxxxxxx']
	
]

### Setp4 Set up frequently-used properties
Use the URL:${your domain}/configProperty/synchronize to access the plugin management page.
In "All Property" page, simply tick boxes to move properties to be frequently-used ones. After that, in "Manage Frequently-Used Property" page, maintaining your properties regularly. That is it.

### RELEASES:
0.0.1
First Release
